Greetings to all Dharma friends in Vietnam. Dear
Dharma friends, today we have completed our
Dharma sharing session on Sutra No. 5
in the
35th cycle of the three-month retreat program
of the Anh Sangha,
with the theme of the Six Harmonies. The sutra
we have discussed is titled "How to
Recognize the Sangha to Rely On in Your Practice."
Dear Dharma friends, we have
learned about the merits of harmonious practice of the Six Harmonies
and the consequences of disrupting harmony. The merits of
guiding the practice of the Six Harmonies
and fostering harmony among the Sangha are discussed.
Today we will share
about the "Assembly of the Sangha."
Let's examine
which assembly of the Sangha we should rely on and
how to achieve it.
We should rely on the illuminating mind through contemplation.
Please read Sutra No. 3,
titled "How to Recognize the Sangha
to Rely On in Your Practice," compiled from the Sutra of the
Assembly of the Sangha, translated by
Venerable Thich Minh Chau, available at the
Southern Buddhist Canon, Volume
1, Chapter 33, Section 1, Salt Grain.
The content of verses 315 to 317 of the sutra is as follows:
Once, the Buddha resided in the city of Sala and taught the
monks about three supreme
assemblies: the assemblies of disharmony, the assemblies of harmony, and the
assemblies of
harmony. And
now, monks, what is the
supreme assembly? Here, in
which assembly of monks are there elder monks who do
not live fully?
Dear fellow practitioners,
usually in an assembly of monks,
people look at the assembly of elder monks, that is, the assembly of
senior monks, that is, the assembly of senior monks, that is, the assembly of senior monks, that is, the assembly of senior monks, that is, the assembly of senior
monks, that is, the assembly of senior monks, that is, how the assembly of senior monks
lives, then who will know how the assembly of senior monks lives later? First, the teacher will teach the
assembly of
senior monks, and they will gradually teach them. Then, the assembly of senior monks will teach the assembly of lower monks. Therefore,
how the assembly of senior monks lives
reflects the teacher's teachings.  In
that teaching, the
senior monks will both teach and
serve as an example for the
younger monks to follow later. Therefore, here, the
Buddha wants us to recognize the
senior monks,
not the newly
ordained monks. Because newly
ordained monks are still
learning many Dharma practices,
registering and following the regulations of the assembly to practice those
regulations, so these
monks are often prone to
mistakes and errors.
But the senior monks will be
correct. In an
assembly, usually the assembly
will elect
11 senior monks. To
understand what senior monks are, we must study the Buddha's teachings on elders. The
Buddha taught that there are two types of
elders: the
first is based on age, and the
second is
based on wisdom.  The
assembly of enlightened monks is called the assembly of
elders, and in the
guidance of the monks, for example,
before the time of the Buddha, there was the assembly of
Sariputta and the assembly of
Maudgalyayana. These are the assembly
of elders. What is
in this assembly is the assembly of enlightened monks, and
sometimes in this assembly, a
monk who has just emerged from the monastery has already attained Arhatship.
Some have attained Arhatship at the age of 7, but
there are also those who practice their whole lives and are still
called elders. In
Buddhism today, in our current Buddhist community, there
are two elders, for example, a Venerable Abbot is someone who is
under 25 years old. As for the Great Virtuous Monk, after receiving the
precepts, they are called Great Virtuous Monks. Their
ability to practice is not yet considered.
But in the time of the Buddha, the
Elders were those who had the
responsibility of guiding...  The Dharma is passed down to
future generations,
with exemplary individuals
chosen to teach, and these are
called elders of the assembly. So,
in Buddhism,
whoever is most outstanding and best
practices what
their teacher teaches will be chosen by the teacher to be the
first elder. Following the
teacher's regulations,
subsequent generations will be chosen to be
ethical individuals with the same way of life,
work ethic, and conduct
to join the assembly of
elders. So,
the Buddha
taught that in every assembly, there are senior monks, and in every
assembly, there are
elders who are considered the
most excellent. They are considered
role models and guides for the
community. If you
live without abundance, meaning you lack the five desires (material possessions, wealth,
fame,
food, and
sleep), you feel you lack
material possessions, you do
n't eat enough, you
don't sleep enough.  It is called the assembly of the successful ones,
not living a full life, not having a single
morsel. This assembly of the successful ones
must diligently practice and abandon worldly desires, leading the way in what is called
news. These elders
do not perform the practices that lead to the
next stage of liberation,
leading in the practice of detachment. Leading in the practice of detachment means that
these elders are respected in
this assembly because they must lead in the practice of detachment from desires,
diligently practicing and abandoning worldly possessions,
wealth, beauty, fame, and food. They lead in
that detachment,
diligently striving
when laying eggs, achieving what they have not yet attained.
Yes, to respectfully inform you, my fellow disciples, according to the
mind's refuge and contemplation, at Ba Vang Temple,
the master also has a plan regarding the council of
elder monks. Later,
it will be a council of monks who specialize in
intensive practice in the forest, while those
monks who go out to do duties or
perform tasks will
not be included in the ranks of elder monks.
Yes, for example, as we have
seen now, the senior monks go into the forest to
practice, while the younger
monks remain.  New novice monks are often outside
doing chores, while some monks haven't yet fully
entered the forest to practice. They still have some connection
to the outside world, so they
teach the novice monks how to
handle matters outside
until a novice monk can do all
the work outside. Then the monks will dedicate themselves to
secret practice in the
forest to seek liberation. Therefore, at Ba
Vang Pagoda, the monks who take on
outside work cannot be
senior monks.
Senior monks must be those who are
not cold and indifferent to outside work. They are
only responsible for dedicated practice
and guiding and teaching the
community of monks. Later, they
will be ranked according to the
seniority of the community. So, here, Tâm
descends to the meditation hall and continues to read the sutra, focusing on the practice of detachment, diligence, and perseverance—that
is, diligence, perseverance, and detachment—
to attain what has not yet been attained, to
achieve what has not yet been attained, to
realize what has not yet been realized.
Respectfully, there is a path of enlightenment that...
Lee, you must practice detachment from desires so that
you can see all the
impure structures within your mind.
If you continue to cling to and
cultivate desires, then you are
creating and adding more attachments that cannot be
abandoned or overcome. Therefore, you
must practice detachment from desires, focusing on
wealth, status, and fame.
You must practice detachment from wealth, status, and fame; you must
not allow them to
grow.
For example, we are still
burdened by things. For instance, monks who go out to chant scriptures
get entangled in the beauty of
the pure and beautiful, leading to poor chanting, right? That entanglement with the beauty
of the pure and beautiful,
then entanglement with the beauty of the
human body. We have to go out
a lot, we have to be careful, and we are constantly exposed to the
beauty of others. Then we get
entangled in fame,
reputation, position, and status.
Therefore, it leads to
mental suffering. But in the study, we continue to read, and
subsequent generations follow our understanding and attain enlightenment.
That is not living a
full life, not being lazy, giving up, leading the way, what is called
leading the way in the path of detachment, diligently striving to
realize what has not yet been realized, to
answer what has not yet been realized, to attain enlightenment, to
realize what has not yet been realized. This enlightenment, O
monks, this is called the supreme assembly.
Here, the supreme assembly
includes the following characteristics: the assembly must have a
council of senior monks.
Yes, in this council, this senior monk
must live
fully in accordance with the Dharma to strive towards enlightenment
and attain liberation.
That is the third characteristic. The fourth characteristic
is that the subsequent assemblies of monks must
live correctly like that senior assemblies of monks.
These are the four characteristics.
These four characteristics indicate that this is the supreme assembly. The
supreme assembly means that
this assembly will lead to liberation.
Furthermore,
brothers and sisters, please continue reading the Sutra.
When the Buddha taught again, O
monks, what is an assembly that is not
harmonious? Here, O monks, in which assembly are you living?
The monks living side by side...  They
argue and fight each other, but they love each other with their
words and tongues. These monks, this
is called a harmonious gathering, so
what is this competition about? They compete for money, they
compete for material possessions.
They compete for fame, they compete for reputation, they compete
for substance.
And to live
in competition, it means
following each other's example to
achieve the desired possessions.
This phenomenon occurs among fellow practitioners, for example, masters who are appointed to positions of authority,
competing for
the title of abbot, competing for
material possessions, competing
for followers, right? They compete for positions of authority, whether
many or few
followers, competing for positions of authority. The way
these positions of authority are handled in the
assembly, the way they do this and
that in the religious community, that's how it is. My Tam, the
queen, ate at restaurants before becoming a nun at the
Golden Pagoda, and she also visited many temples. We
see this happening, and as
Buddhists, as protectors of these
high-ranking monks, we must know how to choose the right
monks to protect.  Relying on a
practice there, one might find a place of refuge where the assembly of monks
constantly competes with
each other for fame and glory. They love each other for
fame, but they themselves are
descending
to lower realms. We rely on them,
and they are the ones leading
us down the path of
suffering. It's the same in life and in the spiritual path; we
must find refuge,
friends to play with, and teachers to learn from. It is in this place that there
are acts of slander against each other. If you seek personal
gain in fame and
wealth, you will fall into
depravity. (
Please continue reading) The Buddha taught again, "Now,
monks, what is a harmonious assembly?
Here are the monks in this assembly.
The monks live in harmony and joy,
without arguments, living like water and milk
mixed together, looking at each other with this kind of eye-glassing.
This is called a harmonious assembly.
We Buddhists rely on the monks of the
Golden Temple who teach harmony,
but we must also be discerning. There is a
harmonious assembly, but...  It's not
asserted that one hundred percent of
these monks have practiced
harmony. Let's see if this monk teaches
anything that is inconsistent with what his teacher taught. When
we know we're being hurt, and then there's disharmony, if he
says things that his teacher didn't
say, or does things that the monastic community hasn't
prescribed, then we discover that he's
not in harmony, so
we shouldn't follow him. Although the
monastic community is generally harmonious, there are still some
groups of monks that aren't.
So if he teaches us something that his
teacher didn't, we shouldn't rush to
listen or believe it. If he teaches something that
we've never heard taught in the larger monastic community,
something we haven't heard taught by our teacher or by other
monks, we
must observe and examine it carefully
before acting. Therefore,
here, the mind of the monk, although
guiding the path of the three reliance
on the monastic masters and the monks,
the mind of the bell... I don't
assert that all  The monks of Ba
Vang Pagoda have practiced solitary activities,
although I don't confirm it.
Because the number of monks at Ba Vang Pagoda will be very
large, we must rely on the rules and
regulations of the pagoda's monastic community. We need to
know which monks have
practiced giving alms and which Laotian monks have not. We need to
open up the system because we rely on the
collective monastic community; we don't
depend on one monk. Remember
that. And whatever the collective monastic community doesn't
declare, but a single monk declares,
we shouldn't rush to believe it, because each
belief is a karmic connection. We
must be vigilant here. Furthermore, there is a profound
belief that the monastic community at
Ba Vang Pagoda is taught by the master, guided by the Three Jewels,
practicing the Six Harmonies, and the
monks at Ba Vang Pagoda are aiming towards the
supreme assembly of monks, the highest honor,
honoring those who practice,
those who seek liberation, those who
aspire to liberation, those who want to
live a life of asceticism. Living asceticism
means living far from desires.
Living a life of reduced
desires, therefore, at the Golden Pagoda, the monks who aspire to
liberation are honored
and their minds are illuminated. I am confident that
later, there will be a council of senior monks with
complete moral conduct to lead dozens of
brothers. Because the master will choose those who
fully embody the ideal of liberation, possess complete moral conduct, and live in
seclusion
to enter the ranks of
teachers and
senior monks.
Therefore, we
will rely on the
supreme assembly of monks. The supreme assembly of
monks will have six harmonies. Here, it is
divided into three assemblies. But in reality, the
supreme assembly already has six harmonies,
but we need to
recognize it clearly. The Buddha explained it this way so that we can
easily understand it.
Please continue reading the scriptures. At
this time, the monks live in
harmony and joy, without disputes, like
water and milk mixed together, looking at each other with loving-
kindness. At that time, the
monks create...  To accumulate merit, one
must live in harmony. Only then can one
create merit. At that time, monks,
monks who live in the Brahma-vihara
must understand that it means abiding in
Brahma-
vihara. Only then can we be called
those who live in Brahma-vihara,
abiding in Brahma-vihara. If
any assembly of monks is still in discord,
how can they abide in Brahma-vihara? There is conflict, there is
debate, there is fighting, there is
injuring each other with weapons of
words to compete, to
argue, to struggle, to
satisfy their desires for fame, possessions, wealth, and possessions. It is
unacceptable. It
means that those who rejoice with a liberated mind,
connected to the joy of birth,
this princess's shop... Let me explain
clearly: For those who rejoice with a liberated mind,
rejoicing with a liberated mind means
rejoicing in the life of the Six Harmonies,
rejoicing with the great assembly of the Six Harmonies, rejoicing with the
great assembly. The ultimate object of
our joy is
diligently practicing the Dharma.  The law of
harmony requires diligent practice of the supreme teachings of
this assembly. Because we joyfully
practice in this way,
we will see the Dharma of Harmony. Isn't that beautiful?
For example, in the past, we
didn't know how to cultivate harmony from the beginning. Now, entering the path of
harmony, because the Dharma practitioners are joyful
and happy in their practice, even if the path practitioners are
born, their minds will not be able to develop the Dharma of Harmony.
Here, we
relate to joy, meaning we live
in the Dharma of harmony. We relate to the
joyful mind, meaning we enjoy this Lotus Sutra, right? For example, the difficulty of harmony makes me very joyful. What is that state called relating to? And looking at it, it's because we relate to it. That is, if our minds are joyful in
practicing harmony, do we achieve
that joyful mind? Do we
achieve happiness? Do we achieve it through the mind's reflection? Let me
reiterate the meaning
of the Sutra: once again,
whoever is joyful with a liberated mind
relates to the liberated mind, meaning
we want to abandon suffering.  The suffering of abandoning the
defiled mind means rejoicing in the liberated mind.
Because we like
this liberation, the time of sacrifice means
we will achieve mental perfection. That is,
our initial intention was to see the Dharma of
Harmony and like it. We didn't see the assembly of the
Six Harmonies and live like this, so
we liked it. Because we liked it,
we joyfully practiced it. Because we practiced it, the
result was that our mind became
peaceful, calm, and joyful.
If we didn't understand it
this way, reading this passage of scripture,
we wouldn't understand its meaning. Those who are joyful will have a light and
peaceful body, right? When
we are joyful with the Dharma of Harmony, and
we work together, will our body be at
ease? Yes, we won't
feel the heat inside, the discomfort, the
restlessness. Right?
With a light body, we feel joy and
happiness. The mind receives tranquility.
This is the path of the mind. If anyone sees the
Dharma of the Six Harmonies
as the Dharma that leads to happiness,
we will rejoice in this Dharma.
Because of this joy, we will strive diligently.  Because of
diligence, joy arises; because of beauty,
we experience
happiness and joy. Isn't that right? Because with
such beauty, the feeling of longevity is
increased, and with the increased feeling of longevity,
our minds become calm and free from
afflictions. Thus, we see
a path to higher enlightenment when
we are in the assembly of the Six Harmonies, in the assembly of the
supreme enlightenment. The
Buddha further taught, for example: The
monks on a mountain experience
heavy rain. The rainwater flows down the slope,
filling the ravines connecting the mountain valleys.
After filling the mountain valleys and
ravines, it fills the
small lakes. After filling the small lakes,
it fills the large lakes. After
filling the large lakes, it fills the small rivers. After filling the
small rivers, it fills the ocean. This is
a
sequential process, a
heavy rain filling
each place sequentially. Similarly, filling the ocean is done
with a joyful mind
and the harmonious Dharma. This is due to the increased
merit of practicing the Dharma.  The law of harmony...
Well, in the end, it will lead to a
calm mind, like water that has become arrogant.
Everything reaches the great ocean, and then it becomes clear.
The mind contains hidden calculations. Read the second part
that the Buddha used
as an analogy: When monks love, when monks are in
harmony and joyful, without any
arguments, like water and milk mixed together, looking at
each other with loving eyes, then the
monks create merit. At that time, it
depends on whether the monks live
in purity. That is, at that time, they live in
purity, meaning with whom they are joyful with a
liberated mind, connected to the monkey during the birth period.
With whom they have a body that is light and peaceful, feeling
received. With whom they feel like a rabbit, their mind
is calm. These are the
three assemblies. We see that the great
wisdom gives examples that are easy to understand.
The sentences we see are about
who is joyful with a liberated mind, connected
to the birth period. Is it true that the body is
light and peaceful? Sometimes it's hard to understand. But
for example, from a heavy rain...  To make it easy to understand,
even those who don't understand
this sutra can read it and simply direct
their minds to become a great rain.
That is, they should always practice the
law of harmony like a monkey, cherishing
and diligently practicing the law of harmony. In the
end, they will also attain the same mental state
sequentially. When the goose and rabbit are calm and tranquil, they
will gradually
attain the benefits of liberation and will
eventually become
senior monks in the assembly of monks.
That's the supreme way. Here, the mind is focused on the practice of the Pure Contemplation,
sharing so that we can
affirm ourselves. The Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club rely on the assembly of the
monks practicing the ascetic life, the
life of detachment, towards enlightenment, towards
achieving Enlightenment.
This is the supreme assembly of harmony. And for
those who practice
here, we also know that
when we go far away, we
must take the mind towards detachment, towards diligent
practice of the Dharma so that
what is not yet clear will be enlightened,
what is not yet firmly established will be
properly accomplished so that we can gain
benefit. And now, we must
practice the Dharma of harmony, we must
practice joyfully. Isn't that right? Then we
will receive such benefits, and we can
reward ourselves with the great benefit
of having accumulated merit over many lifetimes.
What great benefit is that we can be born into the
assembly that teaches the Six Harmonies, teaches
asceticism, isn't that right? Teaching the path of detachment, and
those who are not yet ready to leave
can rely on that assembly of the
monks of Ba Pagoda.  The temple is called Vàng, but
the intention behind the meal at the temple is still to remind
Buddhist followers that they rely on the large Sangha,
not on individual monks
within the Sangha.
The symbols clearly indicate that what the
Sangha decides is from the Sangha as a whole,
so
we should listen to what a single monk says. We must examine whether what that monk
says is true and consistent with the Sangha's regulations. We must have this discerning perspective, otherwise, at some point, a monk who is not practicing properly might
say things that are incorrect, and the
Sangha's declarations might contradict the
regulations of our Sangha.
Therefore, anything that the Sangha has not yet
stipulated, if that monk says it, we must
absolutely not follow it. We must question it,
observe it carefully, and verify it.
Because at Vàng Temple, the teachings are very open; there are
no strict rules for the Sangha
regarding the lay Buddhists. Everything is very
clear. We move on to the
meditation topics to
help us cultivate our minds, to nurture our minds,
and even through this sutra...
The first point
is that the assembly of the Buddha
has always relied on the assembly of the
Buddha. When we seek love, we cultivate the
supreme assembly of the Buddha. The assembly of the Buddha is not harmonious, the assembly of the
Buddha is harmonious because each thing we
can rely on, and many assemblies of bhikkhus
come to many temples to practice
and rely on it. The second point is,
what are the characteristics of the assembly of the Buddha that we are currently relying on to practice? According to the Buddha's teachings,
in the supreme assembly of the Buddha, the assembly of the Buddha
lives without striving for abundance, the assembly of the Buddha
has no attachment to material possessions. The assembly of the Buddha
renounces and leads towards
happiness, the assembly of the Buddha leads towards the path of detachment, diligently striving.
We can look at the images
of the venerable monks, and
see
what characteristics we have in the supreme assembly of the Buddha. The
second point is that we together
enhance the Supreme remembrance of the Buddha's grace, the remembrance of the
Buddha's virtues, the meditation on the mind, and the practice of the assembly of the Buddha will
guide the fellow practitioners to follow,
so that our thoughts may be elevated
according to the good deeds we have practiced.
We already know the assembly of the Buddha.  The monk writes about
the things he has done, and the mental
state leads to the end, and the mental
state is left there until the end.
We continue our contemplation
until we stop,
not until the mental state
stops. We continue our contemplation
because each of us has a
different feeling about the Sangha
through our service. For example, the
benefit of the Sangha comes from the benefit of the
Sangha, and we have this method of harmony. Each person
has a
different image; some have an image
of their master, others have an image of the monk
through the videos we have
watched. After the mental contemplation
ends, we will ourselves
think more about what we have
known, heard, and seen, and we will
also ourselves pay homage, express
gratitude, and remember the virtues of the Buddha through
the techniques in the program. We have cultivated the
virtues of the Lotus Sutra, the practices of
harmony at the temple and at the assembly.  Let's focus on
our practice through the images of our group and the
practice of
our fellow practitioners.
We will continue to increase our
understanding through practical experience, allowing us to feel that the
sensations are
our own. In this way, we will
increase our merit, commemorating the Buddha's teachings and the Sangha, and the
blessings we receive. The
Buddha's teachings and the Sangha will help us
escape the three evil paths. Next, this
practice will be divided into a short video
for our practitioners and those of us who follow it, which
we can apply whenever we want, just like the
previous videos. So, the
previous video and
these videos will be compiled and
have a separate thumbnail. This video is
called "Increasing the Mindfulness Practice at
Home." This topic is about
increasing mindfulness to commemorate the Buddha's teachings
at home, focusing our minds on meditation and mindfulness. May all practitioners diligently strive
to achieve many
benefits through diligent
practice, and then learn how to
meditate.  The way to practice meditation is
through contemplation. Through contemplation, we will
attain tranquility. When
our minds are free from
doubt and questioning, we can focus on something,
and our minds will be calm and focused on
that object. It's very good. For example, if we
simply focus our minds on something, we
can achieve concentration. The
merit of
this contemplation is very important;
it leads to
very good mental decisions. For instance,
when the mind is troubled by a problem, the mind, through contemplation and observation,
understands the
situation. This is the merit of both
contemplation and meditation. At that moment, we know it
through concentration, not through lack of
clarity.
However, while
we are listening, we still need to pay attention, like
a fish still observing.
Therefore, contemplation and concentration are
inseparable; they go hand in hand. If
there is excess, there will be concentration. But
contemplation isn't about contemplating everything.  It's also
considered that those who don't know how to practice
meditation see us observing
many different topics and phrases. In the
end, our minds become focused and
unfocused. Once we've focused, we
'll achieve a state of complete concentration. That's
wisdom, so practicing meditation and
concentration is indispensable for those who have already attained
enlightenment. It's not that every Buddhist disciple has to
recite any mantra or anything like that.
That's just the first step.
Later, when we listen to the scriptures, we
must contemplate and practice the Buddha's
teachings. To fully practice, we
cannot lack the steps of contemplation and
concentration. With a diligent and focused approach, we will
achieve many benefits in the meditation session. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. In
this case, the mind is focused on
contemplation and guidance for fellow practitioners.
We do it this way. For those who are in the lotus position, we
follow the subsequent guidance of the mind.
We
keep our legs relaxed, our hands free, following
the direction of our body, our
legs soft and our
backs soft, our hands soft and relaxed, our
facial muscles relaxed.
From the soft stone surface,
the
craftsman
knows when he inhales and
when he exhales, he writes "breath out." In
the church,
I see the breath, the
tendency of the mind towards mourning
in the monks,
the image of a monk's hand holding a bowl,
Brother Dien Nhi Tran The, yes, yes,
Dong Tu Tai,
life in the mountains and forests,
in a place where ordinary people don't like
me, regardless of day or night,
walking meditation,
music, the divine
rooster,
in the center, going to the edge of the forest, the
tendency towards the monk, bowing in reverence, the
virtuous Diem Ly,
yes, but we cannot do it
in Tam Hoan Hy
after being able to remove the body,
after being able to rely - mourning
are the images
when we have received the initial offerings,
when we are supported
by the monk. He teaches, he all comes from the place of virtue, from this virtue of the word "monk," when we see joy, when we see the relationship, looking at
him, each group of monks, the
son,
he walks,
when we know that the monks
are practicing,
tank fighting with the rising tide,
fighting with fear,
when snakes, snakes, scorpions,
possibly around the monk
in some  Steadfastly, he was born
with a will for liberation.
He steadfastly
rode his tank, surpassing the
Great Victory.
11 months later,
he descended to perform the ceremony
in the darkness,
riding his tank in meditation.
He could, but fear prevented him from ascending to
the mechanism of increasing his steadfastness. He came
with a mind of liberation, overcoming the
darkness
to eradicate fear.
11 months later,
yes, let us perform the ceremony
in heavy rain
and thunderstorms. He intertwined fiercely with the
crossword puzzle, silently
alone.
He steadfastly practiced the Dharma,
overcoming fear.
1. The
sister achieved the ceremony. He observed the ceremony
when he received great blessings, when
the sun was shining brightly, on
steep roads,
when the gravel was rough,
for the ascent. Steadfastly, he surpassed his
will for liberation.
He was powerfully liberated, freeing himself from fear, from laziness, from attachment to the
body.
See all
because of fear.
I haven't won yet. I
practiced to win.
When I won, I was tired of fear.
When I won, I overcame all that fear.
What to overcome to conquer the temptations
of desires.
The opportunity to win the Supreme.
He led the way, far away. He left the
state of self below.
Up the high mountain,
yes, giving up
worldly pleasures.
Brother An resides
in the deep forest,
atooth,
he is happy,
he is happy
when we perform the ceremony,
ah,
at the Sangha,
Brother An resides in the Dharma, Loc Hoa.
Yes, to have the opportunity to attain the Supreme,
he goes to liberation. Yes, the
virtue of the Dharma, the
scene of the ceremony, the law, harmony,
at the Buddhas,
in the silken layer, we win
when we become the Supreme,
moving according to the Dharma,
calling Truc Xinh.
Yes, so that today
when we perform the ceremony, the
door of repentance, the supreme
assembly, harmony, the
gun extinguished, the ceremony, Phat Nguyen,
when examining the spirit, Tan Loc,
yes, so that we can stand in the ranks of the assembly, the
harmony,
the opportunity to attain the Supreme.
When we contribute to the land,
yes, to make the Sangha harmonious,
he serves,
yes, so that the Sangha is diligent when
reporting, so that we can be harmonious,
yes, so that we can be diligent in reporting
at the bridge to liberation,
our bodies are light,
light, the maiden leans on the
shell, attaining the Supreme,
when we see our bodies light,
we are at peace, My
Tam.  We are relieved
when we are in a state of peaceful tranquility,
in a state of
joy, and they
are present within us
as we inhale and exhale
gently, so that
body and mind are in a state of lightness, peace,
and prosperity.